Initial .NET MAUI content (#6)
dotnet/docs-maui: docs/get-started/what-is-maui.md

## Who .NET MAUI is for

.NET MAUI is for developers who want to:

- Write cross-platform apps in XAML and C#, from a single shared code-base in Visual Studio.
- Share UI layout and design across platforms.
- Share code, test, and business logic across platforms.

## How .NET MAUI works

.NET MAUI unifies Android, iOS, macOS, and Windows APIs into a single API that allows a write-once run-anywhere developer experience, while additionally providing deep access to every aspect of each native platform.

.NET 6 provides a series of platform-specific frameworks for creating apps: .NET for Android, .NET for iOS, .NET for macOS, and Windows UI (WinUI) Library. These frameworks all have access to the same .NET 6 Base Class Library (BCL). This library abstracts the details of the underlying platform away from your code. The BCL depends on the .NET runtime to provide the execution environment for your code. For Android, iOS, and macOS, the environment is implemented by Mono, an implementation of the .NET runtime. On Windows, WinRT performs the same role, except it's optimized for the Windows platform.

> While the BCL enables apps running on different platforms to share common business logic, the various platforms have different ways of defining the user interface for an app, and they provide varying models for specifying how the elements of a user interface communicate and inter-operate. You can craft the UI for each platform separately using the appropriate platform-specific framework (.NET for Android, .NET for iOS, .NET for macOS, or WinUI), but this approach then requires you to maintain a code-base for each individual family of devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the BCL enables apps running on different platforms to share common business logic, the various platforms have different ways of defining the user interface for an app, and they provide varying models for specifying how the elements of a user interface communicate and interoperate. You can craft the UI for each platform separately using the appropriate platform-specific framework (.NET for Android, .NET for iOS, .NET for macOS, or WinUI), but this approach then requires you to maintain a code-base for each individual family of devices.
```

.NET MAUI provides a single framework for building the UIs for mobile and desktop apps. The following diagram shows a high-level view of the architecture of a .NET MAUI app:

![.NET MAUI architecture diagram](what-is-maui-images/architecture.png)

> In a .NET MAUI app, you write code that primarily interacts with the .NET MAUI API (1). .NET MAUI then directly exercises the native platform APIs (3). In addition, app code may directly exercise platform APIs (2), if required.

Reviewer: Suggest "calls" or "consumes" rather than "exercises"

Author: Done.
